Student at DCRUST | Working Experience of Digital Marketing | Product Photography | Learner, Blogger & Content Creator | Working at IMARS FASHION | Magical Eagerness of Videography

Why Resume Important?

It information your abilities and training, paintings experience, and education, and, maximum importantly, the accomplishments you've got with beyond employers. It need to additionally tell the organization of your profession objective and speak in a concise way the blessings you may deliver to the get hired.


What is Problem?

Today's biggest problem is to make a good resume, even people do not know what is the difference between resume and CV? Even when people go to make a resume, what happens, They goes to a cyber café or goes to a shop. They makes a simple resume by paying ₹ 10 to ₹ 20. do you know what? A brief resume greatly increases your chances of getting a job. But the problem is that there are many websites on the internet. There are many applications that gives you the power to create a resume. But they all are paid. Whenever you re-build the application from any kind of resume on website, then when you feed all your data in the starting, you were going to get the complete resume ready. When the time comes for export, they ask for a very hefty fee, which is a big problem these days.


Why Resume Freemium?

So why us? We give you the power to create your own resume. Without paying any hefty fees. With this, your data will not be sold to any company. Your data will not be used for advertising. Even we take 100% guarantee to keep your data safe.




Arun Kumar
( Digital Creator )

How RESUME FREEMIUM CAME?
This project never gets completed and we will never be able to give you the power to create a resume for free. If there had not been any misunderstanding between two friends, then perhaps you would never have come to this page and never would have made your resume. In starting we got a college project. We had to work on it. together but when there were a few days of completing the project. Mr. Juned fired me from the project. You didn't think he could build the project himself. They didn't need me so they kicked me out of that project. Now the same project for which 6 months are given to make it. I had only a few days left to make that project, so I didn't have any idea. I was thinking how I will be able to complete a 6 month project in a few days. I didn't even know what I would make? Then my colleague Mr. Deepak gave me the idea that if you want to make something. If you want to make some product, then first of all you have to keep in mind the needs of the people. What is the problem of people? From there it came to my mind that why not make such a project so that I can help people online and that's how Resume Freemium came into the world.